[IMP] general: companies digest emails rewrite (#8350)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/general/companies/digest_emails.rst

- Adding additional :abbr:`KPIs (key performance indicators)` (*Studio* app required)

.. note::
   By default, Digest Email is *enabled*, and *Your Odoo Periodic Digest* serves as the primary
   template, which includes all :abbr:`KPI (key performance indicator)` measurements across the Odoo
   database and is sent daily to administrators.

.. warning::
   When creating duplicates of databases that have sending capabilities (not testing-mode) the
   digest emails will continue to send from the duplicate database unless deactivated. To deactivate
   the duplicate database, navigate to :menuselection:`Settings --> General Settings -->
   Statistics`. Then deactivate the :guilabel:`Digest Emails` feature by un-ticking the checkbox and
   click on :guilabel:`Save`.

.. _digest-emails/customize-digest:

Customize *Your Odoo Periodic Digest*
=====================================

To customize the default Digest Email (*Your Odoo Periodic Digest*), go to :menuselection:`Settings
app --> General Settings --> Statistics --> Digest Email`. Select *Your Odoo Periodic Digest* and
click on the :guilabel:`external link` icon next to the drop-down menu selection.

> A popup window appears and presents a variety of editable settings, which include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A pop-up window appears, and presents a variety of editable settings, which include:
```

- :guilabel:`Digest Name`: the name of the digest email.

> - :guilabel:`Periodicity`: control how often digest emails are sent.

Reviewer: please mention the specific Radio button options available in this field: Daily, Weekly, Monthly, Quarterly

- :guilabel:`Next Send Date`: the date on which the digest email will be sent again.
- :guilabel:`KPIs` tab: check/uncheck each calculated :abbr:`KPI (key performance indicator)` that

>   appears in digest emails.

Reviewer: perhaps it would be best to specify that when the checkboxes beside a KPI in this tab, that means they *will* be included in the digest emails -- and the converse means they *will not* appear. A little clarification like that can go a long way 👍

> - :guilabel:`Recipients` tab: add/remove users who receive the digest emails.

Reviewer: same note here as above re: the need for added clarification/specificity 

mention how users can be added (click 'Add a line' and so on), and how they can be removed (click the 'X' to the far-right of the user's information)

Reviewer: UPDATE: I see that you have sections like this later on in the doc, so it might be helpful to add anchor ref links here, so readers can quickly jump to this specific section to learn about them right away, if desired.

Author: Added in anchors to link

.. note::
   The :abbr:`KPIs (key performance indicators)` can be customized using Odoo *Studio*. Additional

>    costs to the database subscription will be incurred should *Studio* need to be installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   costs to the database subscription are incurred, should *Studio* need to be installed.
```
do you think linking to a Studio doc about how to customize KPIs could be useful here (if that even exists haha)

Reviewer: UPDATE: I see you end this PR with a section specifically covering this topic. Great! Maybe use a ref anchor here, so curious readers can jump right to that part, if they're interested in learning more about that

Next, click :guilabel:`DEACTIVATE FOR EVERYONE` or :guilabel:`UNSUBSCRIBE ME` to remove the logged
in user from the mailing list. These buttons are located in the top menu just above the
:guilabel:`Digest Name`.

Manually send digest email
==========================

To manually send a digest email, first navigate to :menuselection:`Settings app --> General Settings
--> Statistics` and click :guilabel:`Configure Digest Emails`. Then select the digest email and
click :guilabel:`SEND NOW`. This button is located in the top menu just above the :guilabel:`Digest
Name`.

KPIs
====

Pre-configured :abbr:`KPIs (key performance indicators)` can be added to the digest email from the
:guilabel:`KPIs` tab.

First navigate to :menuselection:`Settings --> General Settings --> Statistics` and click
:guilabel:`Configure Digest Emails`. Open the digest email and click on the :guilabel:`KPIs` tab. To
add a :abbr:`KPI (key performance indicator)` to the digest email, tick the checkbox next to the
desired :abbr:`KPI (key performance indicator)`. After all :abbr:`KPIs (key performance indicators)`
are added or deselected, :guilabel:`Save` the progress.

> The following :abbr:`KPIs (key performance indicators)` are available out of box in Odoo:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following :abbr:`KPIs (key performance indicators)` are available in the :guilabel:`KPIs` tab on a digest email template form out-of-box in Odoo:
```

:guilabel:`General`
 - :guilabel:`Connected Users`
 - :guilabel:`Messages`

:guilabel:`Project`
 - :guilabel:`Open Tasks`

:guilabel:`Recruitment`
 - :guilabel:`Employees`

:guilabel:`CRM`
 - :guilabel:`New Leads/Opportunities`
 - :guilabel:`Opportunities Won`

:guilabel:`Sales`
 - :guilabel:`All Sales`
 - :guilabel:`eCommerce Sales`

:guilabel:`Point of Sale`
 - :guilabel:`POS Sales`

:guilabel:`Live Chat`
 - :guilabel:`% of Happiness`
 - :guilabel:`Conversations handled`
 - :guilabel:`Time to answer (sec)`

:guilabel:`Helpdesk`
 - :guilabel:`Tickets Closed`

:guilabel:`Invoicing`
 - :guilabel:`Revenue`
 - :guilabel:`Banks and Cash Moves`

Recipients
==========

Recipients are added from the :guilabel:`Recipients` tab. To add a recipient, navigate to
:menuselection:`Settings app --> General Settings --> Statistics` and click :guilabel:`Configure
Digest Emails`. Then open the digest email and click on the :guilabel:`Recipients` tab. To add a
recipient, click :guilabel:`Add a line` and a pop-up appears with available users to add on as
recipients. Tick the checkbox next to the :guilabel:`Name` of the user and click the
:guilabel:`Select` button.

> To remove a user as a recipient click the :guilabel:`❌` icon to the far right of the user listed in

Reviewer: still think this should be implemented @tiku-odoo

the :guilabel:`Recipients` tab.

:guilabel:`Save` the work to implement the changes.

.. _digest-emails/custom-emails:

> Create a new digest email

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create digest emails
```

=========================

> To create a new digest email navigate to :menuselection:`Settings app --> General Settings -->
> Statistics` and click :guilabel:`Configure Digest Emails`. Click :guilabel:`Create` to create a new
> digest email.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new digest email, navigate to :menuselection:`Settings app --> Statistics section`, and
click :guilabel:`Configure Digest Emails`. Then, click :guilabel:`Create` to create a new digest
email.
```

> A pop-up window appears and presents a variety of editable settings, which include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A separate page, with a blank digest email template appears, and presents a variety of editable
settings, including:
```

> - :guilabel:`Digest Name`: the name of the Digest Email.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Digest Name`: the name of the digest email.
```

> - :guilabel:`Periodicity`: control how often Digest Emails are sent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Periodicity`: control how often digest emails are sent.
```

- :guilabel:`Next Send Date`: the date on which the digest email will be sent again.
- :guilabel:`KPIs` tab: check/uncheck each calculated :abbr:`KPIs (key performance indicators)` that

>   appears in Digest Emails.

Reviewer: same comment above re: added specificity/clarity

>   appears in Digest Emails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  appears in digest emails.
```

> - :guilabel:`Recipients` tab: add/remove users who receive the Digest Emails.

Reviewer: same comment here

> - :guilabel:`Recipients` tab: add/remove users who receive the Digest Emails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Recipients` tab: add/remove users who receive the digest emails.
```

From there, give the digest email a :guilabel:`Digest Name`, specify :guilabel:`Periodicity`,

> choose the desired :abbr:`KPIs (key performance indicators)`, and add :guilabel:`Recipients` as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
choose the desired :abbr:`KPIs (key performance indicators)`, and add :guilabel:`Recipients`, as
```

needed.

After clicking :guilabel:`Save`, the new custom digest email is available as a selection in the

> :guilabel:`General Settings` drop-down menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Digest Email` field, located in the :menuselection:`Settings app --> Statistics section`.
```

.. _digest-emails/custom-kpi:

> Custom KPIs with Studio

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom KPIs with Odoo Studio
```

=======================

> The :abbr:`KPIs (key performance indicators)` can be customized using Odoo *Studio*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :abbr:`KPIs (key performance indicators)` on a digest email template form, in the :guilabel:`KPIs` tab, can be customized using Odoo *Studio*.
```

.. warning::

>    Additional costs to the database subscription will be incurred should *Studio* need to be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Additional costs to the database subscription are incurred, should *Studio* need to be
```

   installed.

For either *Your Odoo Periodic Digest* or a custom digest email, :abbr:`KPIs (key performance

> indicators)` can be added by using Odoo *Studio*.

Reviewer: this sentence seems a bit redundant at this point, right?

> To begin, click the :guilabel:`🛠️ (tools)` icon in the top right of the screen. This is the link to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To begin, click the :guilabel:`🛠️ (tools)` icon in the top-right of the screen. This is the link to
```

the *Studio* application.

In order to create additional fields, create two fields on the digest object:

> #. Create a boolean field called `kpi_myfield` and display it in the :guilabel:`KPIs` tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Create a boolean field called `kpi_myfield`, and display it in the :guilabel:`KPIs` tab.
```

#. Create a computed field called `kpi_myfield_value` that computes the customized :abbr:`KPI (key
   performance indicator)`.
#. Select the :abbr:`KPIs (key performance indicators)` in the :guilabel:`KPIs` tab.

.. tip::
   Here is the `source code
   <https://github.com/odoo/odoo/blob/aa09df25845f5497124185013bdb5706fcb2b082/addons/digest/models/digest.py>`_

>    for the digest.py file, which will guide the programmer in the coding of the computed field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   for the digest.py file, which guides the programmer in the coding of the computed field.
```

.. seealso::
   An alternative is to click the :guilabel:`Recipients` tab and then the :guilabel:`...` (ellipses)
   to edit this view. Either click :guilabel:`EDIT LIST VIEW` or :guilabel:`EDIT FORM VIEW` to

>    modify this tab.

Reviewer: I'm not seeing the "..." in the Recipients tab of a digest email template form. Can you please double-check the accuracy of this during your revisions? Thanks! 👍

Author: Good catch!!

=============
Digest emails
=============

*Digest Emails* are periodic snapshots sent via email to users in an organization that include
high-level information about how the business is performing.

To start sending digest emails, begin by navigating to :menuselection:`Settings app --> Statistics
section`, activate the :guilabel:`Digest Emails` feature, and click :guilabel:`Save`.

.. image:: digest_emails/digest-email-settings.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Digest Emails section inside General Settings.

A variety of settings can be configured for digest emails, such as:

- Deciding which :abbr:`KPIs (key performance indicators)` are shared in the digest emails
- Determining how often digest emails are sent
- Choosing who in the organization receives digest emails
- Creating custom digest email templates
- Adding additional :abbr:`KPIs (key performance indicators)` (*Studio* app required)

.. note::

>    By default, the :guilabel:`Digest Email` feature is *enabled*, and *Your Odoo Periodic Digest*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   By default, the :guilabel:`Digest Email` feature is enabled. *Your Odoo Periodic Digest*
```

>    By default, the :guilabel:`Digest Email` feature is enabled. *Your Odoo Periodic Digest* serves
>    as the primary template, which includes all :abbr:`KPI (key performance indicator)` measurements
>    across the Odoo database, and is sent daily to administrators.

Reviewer 2: Drop-down menu items can have a :guilabel:
```suggestion
   By default, the :guilabel:`Digest Email` feature is enabled. :guilabel:`Your Odoo Periodic
   Digest` serves as the primary template, which includes all :abbr:`KPI (key performance
   indicator)` measurements across the Odoo database, and is sent daily to administrators.
```

.. warning::
   When creating duplicates of databases that have sending capabilities (not testing-mode), the
   digest emails continue to send from the duplicate database, unless deactivated.

>    To deactivate the digest email, navigate to :menuselection:`Settings -->  Statistics section`.

Reviewer 2: remove double space
```suggestion
   To deactivate the digest email, navigate to :menuselection:`Settings --> Statistics section`.
```

>    Then, deactivate the :guilabel:`Digest Emails` feature, by un-ticking the checkbox, and click

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Then, deactivate the :guilabel:`Digest Emails` feature, by un-ticking the checkbox, and clicking
```

   :guilabel:`Save`. See the section on :ref:`digest-emails/deactivate`.

.. _digest-emails/customize-digest:

> Customize *Your Odoo Periodic Digest*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Customize default digest email
```

=====================================

To customize the default digest email (*Your Odoo Periodic Digest*), go to :menuselection:`Settings

> app --> Statistics section --> Digest Email field`. Then, Select *Your Odoo Periodic Digest*, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
app --> Statistics section --> Digest Email field`. Then, select *Your Odoo Periodic Digest*, and
```

> app --> Statistics section --> Digest Email field`. Then, select *Your Odoo Periodic Digest*, and
> click on the :guilabel:`External link` icon, next to the drop-down menu selection.

Reviewer 2: :guilabel: and icon formatting
```suggestion
app --> Statistics section --> Digest Email field`. Then, select :guilabel:`Your Odoo Periodic
Digest`, and click on the :guilabel:`↗️ (External link)` icon, next to the drop-down menu selection.
```

> A pop-up window appears and presents a variety of editable settings, which include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A pop-up window appears, and presents a variety of editable settings, which include:
```

- :guilabel:`Digest Name`: the name of the digest email.

> - :guilabel:`Periodicity`: control how often digest emails are sent (Daily, Weekly, Monthly, or

Reviewer: daily, weekly, etc. -- should all have GUIs because they appear on the UI

  Quarterly)
- :guilabel:`Next Send Date`: the date on which the digest email will be sent again.
- :guilabel:`KPIs` tab: check/uncheck each calculated :abbr:`KPI (key performance indicator)` that
  appears in digest emails. A ticked box indicates an active :abbr:`KPI (key performance indicator)`
  in the digest email. See the section on :ref:`digest-emails/kpis`.
- :guilabel:`Recipients` tab: add/remove users who receive the digest emails. See the section on
  :ref:`digest-emails/recipients`.

.. note::
   The :abbr:`KPIs (key performance indicators)` can be customized using Odoo *Studio*. Additional

>    costs to the database subscription will be incurred should *Studio* need to be installed. See

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   costs to the database subscription are incurred, should *Studio* need to be installed. See
```

   this section on :ref:`digest-emails/custom-kpi`.

.. image:: digest_emails/periodic-digest.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Customize default Digest Email settings and custom KPIs.

.. _digest-emails/deactivate:

Deactivate digest email
=======================

To manually deactivate an individual digest email, first navigate to :menuselection:`Settings app
--> Statistics section`, and click :guilabel:`Configure Digest Emails`. Then, select the desired
digest email from the list that should be deactivated.

Next, click :guilabel:`DEACTIVATE FOR EVERYONE` to deactivate the digest email for everyone, or
:guilabel:`UNSUBSCRIBE ME` to remove the logged in user from the mailing list. These buttons are

> located in the top menu just above the :guilabel:`Digest Name`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
located in the top menu, just above the :guilabel:`Digest Name`.
```

Manually send digest email
==========================

To manually send a digest email, first navigate to :menuselection:`Settings app --> Statistics
section`, and click :guilabel:`Configure Digest Emails`. Then, select the desired digest email, and
click :guilabel:`SEND NOW`. This button is located in the top menu, just above the :guilabel:`Digest
Name`.

.. _digest-emails/kpis:

KPIs
====

Pre-configured :abbr:`KPIs (key performance indicators)` can be added to the digest email from the
:guilabel:`KPIs` tab of the digest email template form.

First, navigate to :menuselection:`Settings app --> Statistics section`, and click
:guilabel:`Configure Digest Emails`.

> Then, open the desired digest email, and open the :guilabel:`KPIs` tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, select the desired digest email, and open the :guilabel:`KPIs` tab.
```

To add a :abbr:`KPI (key performance indicator)` to the digest email, tick the checkbox next to the
desired :abbr:`KPI (key performance indicator)`. After all :abbr:`KPIs (key performance indicators)`
are added (or deselected), click :guilabel:`Save`.

The following :abbr:`KPIs (key performance indicators)` are available in the :guilabel:`KPIs` tab on
a digest email template form out-of-box in Odoo:

.. image:: digest_emails/oob-kpis.png
   :align: right
   :alt: KPIs listed in the out-of-box digest email.

> :guilabel:`General`
>  - :guilabel:`Connected Users`
>  - :guilabel:`Messages`
> 
> :guilabel:`Project`
>  - :guilabel:`Open Tasks`
> 
> :guilabel:`Recruitment`
>  - :guilabel:`Employees`
> 
> :guilabel:`CRM`
>  - :guilabel:`New Leads/Opportunities`
>  - :guilabel:`Opportunities Won`
> 
> :guilabel:`Sales`
>  - :guilabel:`All Sales`
>  - :guilabel:`eCommerce Sales`
> 
> :guilabel:`Point of Sale`
>  - :guilabel:`POS Sales`
> 
> :guilabel:`Live Chat`
>  - :guilabel:`% of Happiness`
>  - :guilabel:`Conversations handled`
>  - :guilabel:`Time to answer (sec)`
> 
> :guilabel:`Helpdesk`
>  - :guilabel:`Tickets Closed`
> 
> :guilabel:`Invoicing`
>  - :guilabel:`Revenue`
>  - :guilabel:`Banks and Cash Moves`

Reviewer 2: Indent the definition list items by two more spaces please :)
```suggestion
:guilabel:`General`
   - :guilabel:`Connected Users`
   - :guilabel:`Messages`

:guilabel:`Project`
   - :guilabel:`Open Tasks`

:guilabel:`Recruitment`
   - :guilabel:`Employees`

:guilabel:`CRM`
   - :guilabel:`New Leads/Opportunities`
   - :guilabel:`Opportunities Won`

:guilabel:`Sales`
   - :guilabel:`All Sales`
   - :guilabel:`eCommerce Sales`

:guilabel:`Point of Sale`
   - :guilabel:`POS Sales`

:guilabel:`Live Chat`
   - :guilabel:`% of Happiness`
   - :guilabel:`Conversations handled`
   - :guilabel:`Time to answer (sec)`

:guilabel:`Helpdesk`
   - :guilabel:`Tickets Closed`

:guilabel:`Invoicing`
   - :guilabel:`Revenue`
   - :guilabel:`Banks and Cash Moves`
```

.. _digest-emails/recipients:

Recipients
==========

Digest email recipients are added from the :guilabel:`Recipients` tab of the digest email template
form.

To add a recipient, navigate to :menuselection:`Settings app --> Statistics section`, and click

> :guilabel:`Configure Digest Emails`. Then, open the desired digest email, and open the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Configure Digest Emails`. Then, select the desired digest email, and open the
```

:guilabel:`Recipients` tab.

> To add a recipient, click :guilabel:`Add a line`, and a :guilabel:`Add Recipients` pop-up window

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a recipient, click :guilabel:`Add a line`, and an :guilabel:`Add Recipients` pop-up window
```

> appears, with all available users to add on as recipients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
appears, with all available users to add as recipients.
```

From the pop-up window, tick the checkbox next to the :guilabel:`Name` of the user(s), and click the
:guilabel:`Select` button.

> To remove a user as a recipient, click the :guilabel:`❌` icon to the far-right of the user listed
> in the :guilabel:`Recipients` tab.

Reviewer 2: Icon formatting
```suggestion
To remove a user as a recipient, click the :guilabel:`❌ (remove)` icon to the far-right of the user
listed in the :guilabel:`Recipients` tab.
```

Click :guilabel:`Save` to implement the changes.

.. _digest-emails/custom-emails:

Create digest emails
====================

To create a new digest email, navigate to :menuselection:`Settings app --> Statistics section`, and
click :guilabel:`Configure Digest Emails`. Then, click :guilabel:`Create` to create a new digest
email.

A separate page, with a blank digest email template appears, and presents a variety of editable
settings, including:

- :guilabel:`Digest Name`: the name of the digest email.

> - :guilabel:`Periodicity`: control how often digest emails are sent (Daily, Weekly, Monthly, or

Reviewer: same note re: GUI for options, as above

:guilabel:`Digest Email` field, located in the :menuselection:`Settings app --> Statistics section`.

.. _digest-emails/custom-kpi:

Custom KPIs with Odoo Studio
============================

The :abbr:`KPIs (key performance indicators)` on a digest email template form, in the
:guilabel:`KPIs` tab, can be customized using Odoo *Studio*.

.. warning::
   Additional costs to the database subscription are incurred, should Odoo *Studio* need to be
   installed.

To begin, click the :guilabel:`🛠️ (tools)` icon in the top-right of the screen. This is the link to
the Odoo *Studio* application.

In order to create additional fields, create two fields on the digest object:

#. Create a boolean field called `kpi_myfield`, and display it in the :guilabel:`KPIs` tab.
#. Create a computed field called `kpi_myfield_value` that computes the customized :abbr:`KPI (key
   performance indicator)`.
#. Select the :abbr:`KPIs (key performance indicators)` in the :guilabel:`KPIs` tab.

.. tip::
   Here is the `source code
   <https://github.com/odoo/odoo/blob/aa09df25845f5497124185013bdb5706fcb2b082/addons/digest/models/digest.py>`_

>    for the digest.py file, which guides the programmer in the coding of the computed field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   for the `digest.py` file, which guides the programmer in the coding of the computed field.
```

>    <https://github.com/odoo/odoo/blob/aa09df25845f5497124185013bdb5706fcb2b082/addons/digest/models/digest.py>`_
>    for the `digest.py` file, which guides the programmer in the coding of the computed field.

Reviewer 2: Since this doc is in 15.0, would it make sense to link the `15.0` version of the `digest.py`?
```suggestion
      <https://github.com/odoo/odoo/blob/15.0/addons/digest/models/digest.py>`_ for the `digest.py`
   file, which guides the programmer in the coding of the computed field.
```

.. seealso::

>    An alternative is to click the :guilabel:`Recipients` tab and then the vertical three-dot (kebab)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Users can also click the :guilabel:`Recipients` tab, and then the vertical three-dot (kebab)
```

>    Users can also click the :guilabel:`Recipients` tab, and then the vertical three-dot (kebab) menu
>    to edit this view. Either click :guilabel:`EDIT LIST VIEW` or :guilabel:`EDIT FORM VIEW` to
>    modify this tab.

Reviewer 2: Icon formatting
```suggestion
   Users can also click the :guilabel:`Recipients` tab, and then the vertical three-dot
   :guilabel:`(kebab)` menu to edit this view. Either click :guilabel:`EDIT LIST VIEW` or
   :guilabel:`EDIT FORM VIEW` to modify this tab.
```

Digest Emails
=============

*Digest Emails* are periodic snapshots sent to users in the organization via email that include
high-level information about how the business is performing.

Navigate to Digest Emails by going to :menuselection:`Settings --> General Settings --> Statistics`,
then activate the :guilabel:`Digest Emails` feature and click on :guilabel:`Save`.

.. image:: digest_emails/digest-email-settings.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Digest Emails section inside General Settings.

A variety of settings can be configured for Digest Emails, such as:

- Which KPIs are shared in the digest emails
- How often digest emails are sent
- Who in the organization receives digest emails
- Creating custom digest email templates
- Adding additional KPIs (Studio required)

.. note::
   By default, Digest Email is *enabled*, and *Your Odoo Periodic Digest* serves as the primary
   template, which includes all KPI measurements across the Odoo database and is sent daily to
   administrators.

.. warning::
   When creating duplicates of databases that have sending capabilities (not testing-mode) the

>    digest emails will continue to send from the duplicate database unless deactivated. To deactivate

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   digest emails will continue to send from the duplicate database unless deactivated. To deactivate the duplicate database,
```

   navigate to :menuselection:`Settings --> General Settings --> Statistics`. Then deactivate the
   :guilabel:`Digest Emails` feature by un-ticking the checkbox and click on :guilabel:`Save`.

.. _digest-emails/customize-digest:

Customize *Your Odoo Periodic Digest*
=====================================

> To customize the default Digest Email (*Your Odoo Periodic Digest*), go to :menuselection:`Settings

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To customize the default Digest Email (*Your Odoo Periodic Digest*), go to :menuselection:`Settings app
```

> --> General Settings --> Statistics --> Digest Email`, select *Your Odoo Periodic Digest* and click

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
--> General Settings --> Statistics --> Digest Email`. Select *Your Odoo Periodic Digest* and click
```

on the :guilabel:`external link` icon next to the drop-down menu selection.

A popup window appears and presents a variety of editable settings, which include:

> - :guilabel:`Digest Name` - the name of the digest email.
> - :guilabel:`Periodicity` - control the regimen in how often digest emails are sent.
> - :guilabel:`Next Send Date` - the date which the digest email will be sent again.
> - :guilabel:`KPIs` tab - check/uncheck each calculated KPI that appears in digest emails.
> - :guilabel:`Recipients` tab - add/remove users who receive the digest emails.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Digest Name`: the name of the digest email.
- :guilabel:`Periodicity`: control how often digest emails are sent.
- :guilabel:`Next Send Date`: the date on which the digest email will be sent again.
- :guilabel:`KPIs` tab: check/uncheck each calculated KPI that appears in digest emails.
- :guilabel:`Recipients` tab: add/remove users who receive the digest emails.
```
I changed each dash to a colon, just because that's how I see lists written throughout documentation

.. note::
   The :abbr:`KPIs (key performance indicators)` can be customized using Odoo *Studio*. Additional
   costs to the database subscription will be incurred should *Studio* need to be installed.

.. image:: digest_emails/periodic-digest.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Customize default Digest Email settings and custom KPIs.

Deactivate digest email
=======================

> To manually deactivate an individual digest email, first navigate to :menuselection:`Settings -->

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To manually deactivate an individual digest email, first navigate to :menuselection:`Settings app -->
```

General Settings --> Statistics` and click :guilabel:`Configure Digest Emails`. Then select the
digest email from the list that should be deactivated.

Next, click :guilabel:`DEACTIVATE FOR EVERYONE` or :guilabel:`UNSUBSCRIBE ME` to remove the logged
in user from the mailing list. These buttons are located in the top menu just above the
:guilabel:`Digest Name`.

Manually send digest email
==========================

> To manually send a digest email, first navigate to :menuselection:`Settings --> General Settings -->

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To manually send a digest email, first navigate to :menuselection:`Settings app --> General Settings -->
```

Statistics` and click :guilabel:`Configure Digest Emails`. Then select the digest email and click
:guilabel:`SEND NOW`. This button is located in the top menu just above the :guilabel:`Digest Name`.

KPIs
====

Pre-configured :abbr:`KPIs (key performance indicators)` can be added to the digest email from the

> :abbr:`KPIs (key performance indicators)` tab. First navigate to :menuselection:`Settings -->

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
:abbr:`KPIs (key performance indicators)` tab.

First navigate to :menuselection:`Settings app -->
```

General Settings --> Statistics` and click :guilabel:`Configure Digest Emails`. Open the digest
email and click on the :guilabel:`KPIs` tab. To add a :abbr:`KPI (key performance indicator)` to

> the digest email simply tick the checkbox next to the desired :abbr:`KPI (key performance

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
the digest email, tick the checkbox next to the desired :abbr:`KPI (key performance
```

> indicator)`. After all :abbr:`KPIs (key performance indicators)` are added or deselected, then

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
indicator)`. After all :abbr:`KPIs (key performance indicators)` are added or deselected,
```

:guilabel:`Save` the progress.

Recipients
==========

> Recipients are added from the :guilabel:`Recipients` tab. To add a recipient simply navigate to

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Recipients are added from the :guilabel:`Recipients` tab. To add a recipient, navigate to
```

> :menuselection:`Settings --> General Settings --> Statistics` and click :guilabel:`Configure Digest

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
:menuselection:`Settings app --> General Settings --> Statistics` and click :guilabel:`Configure Digest
```

> Emails`. Then open the digest email and click on the :guilabel:`Recipients` tab. To add a recipient

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Emails`. Then open the digest email and click on the :guilabel:`Recipients` tab. To add a recipient,
```

> click :guilabel:`Add a line` and a pop-up will appear with available users to add on as recipients.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
click :guilabel:`Add a line` and a pop-up appears with available users to add on as recipients.
```

> Tick the checkbox next the the :guilabel:`Name` of the user and click the :guilabel:`Select` button.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Tick the checkbox next to the :guilabel:`Name` of the user and click the :guilabel:`Select` button.
```

To remove a user as a recipient click the :guilabel:`❌` icon to the far right of the user listed in
the :guilabel:`Recipients` tab.

:guilabel:`Save` the work to implement the changes.

.. _digest-emails/custom-emails:

Create a new digest email
=========================

> To create a new digest email navigate to :menuselection:`Settings --> General Settings -->

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To create a new digest email navigate to :menuselection:`Settings app --> General Settings -->
```

Statistics` and click :guilabel:`Configure Digest Emails`. Click :guilabel:`Create` to create a new
digest email.

> A popup window appears and presents a variety of editable settings, which include:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A pop-up window appears and presents a variety of editable settings, which include:
```

> - :guilabel:`Digest Name` - the name of the Digest Email.
> - :guilabel:`Periodicity` - control the regimen in how often Digest Emails are sent.
> - :guilabel:`Next Send Date` - the date which the digest email will be sent again.
> - :guilabel:`KPIs` tab - check/uncheck each calculated KPI that appears in Digest Emails.
> - :guilabel:`Recipients` tab - add/remove users who receive the Digest Emails.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Digest Name`: the name of the Digest Email.
- :guilabel:`Periodicity`: control how often Digest Emails are sent.
- :guilabel:`Next Send Date`: the date on which the digest email will be sent again.
- :guilabel:`KPIs` tab: check/uncheck each calculated KPI that appears in Digest Emails.
- :guilabel:`Recipients` tab: add/remove users who receive the Digest Emails.
```

> From there, give the digest email a :guilabel:`Digest Name`, specify :guilabel:`Periodicity`, and

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
From there, give the digest email a :guilabel:`Digest Name`, specify :guilabel:`Periodicity`,
```

choose the desired :guilabel:`KPIs` and add :guilabel:`Recipients` as needed.

After clicking :guilabel:`Save`, the new custom digest email is available as a selection in the
:guilabel:`General Settings` drop-down menu.

.. _digest-emails/custom-kpi:

Custom KPIs with Studio
=======================

The :abbr:`KPIs (key performance indicators)` can be customized using Odoo *Studio*. Additional
costs to the database subscription will be incurred should *Studio* need to be installed.

> For either *Your Odoo Periodic Digest* or a custom digest email, KPIs can be added by using Odoo

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For either *Your Odoo Periodic Digest* or a custom digest email, KPIs can be added by using Odoo
```
I've noticed that `KPIs` throughout this doc sometimes uses the abbr tag, sometimes not - I think it would be good to make sure it is consistent throughout

> Studio.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
*Studio*.
```

To begin, click the :guilabel:`🛠️ (tools)` icon. This is the link to *Studio* application.

In order to create additional fields, create two fields on the digest object:

> #. Create a boolean field called `kpi_myfield` and display it in the KPIs tab
> #. Create a computed field called `kpi_myfield_value` that computes the customized KPI

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#. Create a boolean field called `kpi_myfield` and display it in the KPIs tab.
#. Create a computed field called `kpi_myfield_value` that computes the customized KPI.
```
